# CS250Portfolio

# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
I interpret user needs by creating user stories out of them. Creating user stories helps with interpreting user needs because writing them out clearly explains the purpose behind the user's request. User stories offer a lot of user information about the user's request, mainly why the user wants their requested feature, what role they play in using their requested feature, and what they want their requested feature to accomplish. 

# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
I approach developing programs by considering the best ways to fulfill customer expectations for their product. I try to figure out what blocks of code I will need to add in order to implement the features that the user asks for. The agile processes that I hope to incorporate into my future development are obtaining user stories, the benefits of which are described above, and breaking up development into small production cycles. Breaking up development into small production cycles is useful because it gives the development team attainable goals that are not too much at once but also collectively address the development of all the required features needed to complete the product.  

# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
In my opinion, I believe being a good team member involves pulling your own weight and doing your best to foster active communication. It is important to pull your own weight so that product development gets completed on time and other team members do not have to suffer unnecessary stress trying to cover for the work you were supposed to do. Being a good team member also involves doing your best to foster active communication because a breakdown in communication can lead to unwanted wastes in time and energy such as two team members implementing the same feature on their own or team members waiting around for work to be assigned to them while others are overloaded with work. 
